The artifact I have chosen for my final project is an application that allows a zookeeper to access information about both animals and habitats in the zoo. I chose this artifact because it was created early on in my development in Computer Science and I wanted to be able to show off the skills I have learned throughout my degree program, using good coding practices. My abilities in writing clean and clear code, that can be understood within a team environment are evident in this artifact using detailed and logical comments to display the intent of my coding through the program to other software engineers and product owners. I have let spacing in my code between, different sections in order to enhance the readability of the source code. Another ability that I want to be able to show recruiters is my problem-solving ability and translate that to overcoming exceptions in my code to create a working program.
So far, I have improved my artifact by creating a more modular code. I have broken the code down into separate classes and then called those classes to return the information I need based on user selection. This allows the individual components of this program to stay separated. By separating out the program into smaller classes, I can clearly communicate the intent of each section of my code with programmers in a work environment, product owners, and clients who would be asking for the program. Another way breaking down my program helps improve the code is by making it easier to work with. When finding and fixing errors, I can go to the specific class that is not working instead of having to search throughout the main to find the method. This saves time during the testing process.
I met some of the course objectives in this week's deliverable. While I wanted to show a more structured code and I succeeded in that aspect. I initially wanted to create a GUI of the program to show recruiters a polished program using front end development work. The ability to code on both the back and front end of a program is another skill that I want to show potential employers. Due to the scope of the work in this artifact, I had to scale down the work I was able to show. I plan on making edits and updating my artifact in the future.
Through this artifact, I have learned details on how GUI’s work in Java. I have learned that it is easier to work in code that is separated out into smaller parts. One large item I had to learn was to relearn some of the Java language to get my desired results. Throughout the final stretch of my degree program, my work was primarily done in C++ and Python programing languages. By switching back to Java for my final project, I want to create examples in this language to show recruiters my proficiency. 
